---
title: Tea Party
author: Michael Mayer
type: post
date: 2010-11-04T18:26:32+00:00
draft: true
private: true
url: /2010/11/tea-party/
categories:
  - Fun Stuff
tags:
  - Politics

---
Sometimes it&#8217;s hard for me to understand what drives other people. Why would somebody join the _Tea Party_ movement in the United States? Even after asking supporters of these &#8220;ideas&#8221; what they think, it&#8217;s not quite clear to me.

Is it just the ordinary entertainment, the Americans like so much? Or some kind of witch hunt?

It would be sad, if that is the case, because a) it does not help and b) some innocent people will suffer. In Germany we do have experience with such things. When the economy turned down, they were hunting the Jewish people, as if that is the most natural thing on earth and the best explanation for Germany&#8217;s problems.

Now these Tea Party people think Obama is the new Hitler and they must hunt the Communists. Also they want to disallow sex before marriage including masturbation. That can&#8217;t be natural, right? Killing people with another opinion is natural! Not sure what this has to do with **limited** government or the American constitution at the end of the day. This sounds more like they want to introduce fascism with Sarah Palin as the leader.

How hard is it to accept that they probably ruined their own country with exactly that narrow-minded attitude? Bush started wars in Iraq and Afghanistan (is that not wasting money?) and was on power when the financial crisis started &#8211; and I can&#8217;t remember anyone from the Tea Party to complain about his leadership. Now Obama introduced a health insurance for everyone and they call him a Communist. If that would be the case, Germany and the UK and many other countries with a conservative and market oriented government should be called communist countries, just because they want to conserve the value of their work force by not letting them rot away. Wow, what a great but late success for the Sowjets.

For my part, I want a strong United States. So what about producing stuff the world wants to buy instead of complaining that it&#8217;s all the fault of Islam, the Afro-Americans, the Mexicans and Communism? Sounds smart to me. Hollywood, Apple, Google and Facebook are not enough to feed 307,006,550 people. To blame others for your own failure is the attitude of a loser.

As so often, this whole movement probably is just about earning money, like most things on earth. It would be wrong to think that so many simple minded (isn&#8217;t that what they call themselves? &#8220;Ms. Hokey Mom&#8221;) people are interested in real politics. The Tea Party leaders are very smart, because they know how to take money out of their supporters pockets. This is a success indeed, but not for many and not for the nation.