---
title: Google Spam – Part 2
author: Michael Mayer
type: post
date: -001-11-30T00:00:00+00:00
draft: true
url: /?p=958
categories:
  - Uncategorized

---
<div id=":68" class="ArwC7c ckChnd">
  <div>
    Until recently I had my own mail server running&#8230; good old Postfix and dbmail&#8230; as I ran out of time (and administration of a mail server simply takes some time), I had to look for another solution. The evaluation showed, that Google Mail is not more expensive than other services like GMX, but I can continue using my own domains and they have the best Web frontend. Also I assumed, that Google might send some spam to other providers (this is part 1 of the story) but not accept spam&#8230; I was convinced that Google has the best spam filters in the world&#8230; to recongnize spam is related to artificial intelligence and smart alogorithms&#8230; like Web search&#8230; what shall I say? I&#8217;m a Google shareholder and I really like them grow and have success&#8230; sometimes, however, I&#8217;m very confused:
  </div>
  
  <blockquote>
    <div>
      Hello Michael,
    </div>
    
    <div>
      We have received your bank details accordingly to reimbursement form. Unfortunately our payment for 129.45 Euro was returned because of incorrect bank details.
    </div>
    
    <div>
      Could you be so kind and send us your IBAN and SWIFT code?
    </div>
    
    <div style="margin: 0in 0in 0pt;">
      <span style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: Arial;">You should be able to get this information by contacting your local bank or by checking any recent bank statement.</span>
    </div>
    
    <div style="margin: 0in 0in 0pt;">
      <span style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: Arial;">Please supply this information asap so we could proceed with payment.</span>
    </div>
    
    <p>
      Thank you
    </p>
    
    <div>
      Maria<br /> <span style="color: #888888;"><span style="color: #888888;">&#8212;<br /> Best Regards,</span></span>Maria Andruszko<br /> Google Vendor Setup Specialist<br /> ph: 0048 12 628 48 94<br /> <a href="mailto:mandruszko@google.com" target="_blank">mandruszko@google.com</a></p>
    </div>
  </blockquote>
</div>