---
title: OpenJDK
author: Michael Mayer
type: post
date: 2012-03-06T12:03:35+00:00
url: /2012/03/openjdk/
categories:
  - Linux
tags:
  - Java

---
When **OpenJDK** as a Free Software alternative to **Sun/Oracle Java** was announced I thought this is a great idea. I don&#8217;t like proprietary software too much and since I&#8217;m a PHP, JavaScript and SQL developer, I didn&#8217;t expect any &#8220;bad&#8221; consequences for my work. It&#8217;s not like you expect any fancy or enterprise features, if you use the &#8220;free&#8221; version of some commercial software. That said, there are a lot of useful Java tools that you frequently need as a Web developer, such as

  * [Rhino][1]
  * [Maven][2]
  * [Kaazing Websocket Gateway][3]
  * [CometD][4]

Guess what? All of these applications don&#8217;t run (at least not without problems) with OpenJDK and of course that&#8217;s the only Java distribution that comes with the latest releases of Ubuntu Linux (and probably a lot of other &#8220;free software only&#8221; distributions). For example, if you open the README.txt file of the &#8220;Kaazing Websocket Gateway&#8221; it explicitly excludes OpenJDK:

> _Java Requirements_
> 
>   * Java Developer Kit (JDK) 1.6.0_14 (Java 6) or higher
>   * The JAVA_HOME environment variable must be set to the directory where
>   * the JDK is installed, for example C:\Program Files\Java\jdk1.6.0_14
>   * Notes:
> 
>   * **OpenJDK is not supported**.
>   * For information on installing JDK, see Oracle&#8217;s Java SE documentation.

Whoever feels responsible for this **disastrous** Java user experience should invest some time to either &#8220;fix&#8221; OpenJDK or convince the managers of Oracle to change the Java license. Or Ubuntu should include the proprietary JDK again. I don&#8217;t care about the details, but please, **somebody do something!** In it&#8217;s current form, OpenJDK is pretty much useless for my daily work.

 [1]: http://www.mozilla.org/rhino/
 [2]: http://maven.apache.org/
 [3]: http://kaazing.com/products/kaazing-websocket-gateway
 [4]: http://cometd.org/